# Quicker Chicken Noodle Soup

This is called the *Quicker* Chicken Noodle Soup recipe, because we
are substituting uncooked chicken breast with pre-cooked carved
chicken breast. All in all this can cut off almost an hour of time
spent in preparation.

However, doing it the long way (boiling, and preparing the chicken)
pays off in flavor and satisfaction points.


## Shopping List

* ``5 Cups`` (by volume) of Dumpling Noodles - (``"No Yolks" 12oz bag``)

* ``144oz`` **Chicken Broth** - (``College Inn 48oz can`` x3)

* ``12`` to ``18oz`` **Carved Chicken Breast** (adjust to
  preference) - (``Perdue Short Cuts - Original Roasted`` x2)

* ``2 Tablespoons`` (``30ml``) Adobo Seasoning

* ``1 Teaspoon`` (``5ml``) Ground Black Pepper

* ``1/2 cup`` vegetable oil. Really though, any kind of oil will
  due. Feel free to select your favorite one if you have a flavor
  preference.


```
Take note that you are encouraged to adjust the exact quantities
described above to suit your preferences
```

# Order of Operations

In parallel we will:

* Do some brief preparation of the chicken

* Begin warming the stock pot and broth

* We'll put the prepared chicken, pepper, and Adobo into the stock pot
  and allow it to heat to boiling

* Once boiling we'll add the oil and noodles

* Cook until the noodles are done

# Procedure

## Preparation

Pour about ``96oz`` (two ``48oz`` cans) of chicken broth into stock
pot. Put on high fire to begin raising the broth to boiling.

While the broth is warming, take the chicken out of the container and
examine the pieces before you. Separate longer and shorter pieces.

Cut the longer pieces down to a size you enjoy. I recommend each piece
be about (plus or minus) the size of the tip of your pinky or index
finger.

Once the chicken has been prepared, add the following items into the
stock pot:

* Prepared Chicken
* Adobo Seasoning
* Ground Black Pepper


## Main Boil

Once the broth has reached boiling temperature, add the dumpling
noodles (you may wish to use more or less than 5 cups of noodles) and
the oil into the stock pot.

Stir occasionally, taking **special care* to ensure that the stock pot
does not boil over.


```
Depending on how much room you have left in your pot, as well as how
much chicken and noodles you have used, you may wish to add additional
chicken broth into the stock pot at this point.
```


Boil until the noodles are cooked to your preference.


# Storing

I've found one particular method that is especially good for storing
the chicken noodle soup leftovers. In effect, separate the chunks from
the broth and refrigerate.

* Separate the noodles and chicken from the broth. Store in covered
  tupperware containers.

* Pour the broth into a liquid vessel of your choice suitable for
  storing a large quantity of liquid. I find that large (2 quart or
  more) pitchers work especially well

* Any unused broth should also be sealed and refrigerated

# Reheating

Reheating is as simple as making breakfast cereal and warming it in a
pot on the stove or in a microwave:

* Grab a small to medium handled pot

* Ladle (or otherwise just spoon or scoop) the chicken and noodles
  into the pot (quantity is up to you)

* Take your pitcher of wonderfully flavored broth, give it a good
  swirl around to mix up the spices, and pour into your pot to your
  satisfaction.

* Warm the soup over a medium-low to medium heat

* Stir occasionally
